Npo corporation wrestling Dojo and Budojo of Inabe General School Senior High School on Sunday, March 17
The second Tokai junior high school student wrestling championship sponsored by the Inabe City Sports Association was held
Is approximately 90 people of the players in the 12 team to a total of inside and outside of the wrestling club was played
Three players from the Inaba Wrestling Club
The match took place in the league
Plays the crane 53 kilogram of Daiki Fujita called good at three games th
Play against players in Wakayama Wrestling Club and actively move them to hold them down
Passed through
44 kg class Mr. Saki Yoshioka is after all
Has been challenged in the match between the communication junior club players what
Yoshioka, who say that work hard to day-to-day practice with the goal of Saori Yoshida players from the second grade of elementary school
Including wrestler
My favorite skill is that it is a double-footed tackle
Mr. Yoshioka, who has broken down his opponent's stance and entered the tackle, always appears in front of him and attacks
Goal house
After the game I recalled that I was frustrated by running away
We used reflection point of the first game in the next game
Teku was played 38-kilogram force Kanta-kun Game 1 year Yaese club of players and system
It became a head-to-head, but the end is a fly hand Ru customer
It was decorated in the victory of the student
National you were a game that you do not know how many times you can beat or lose your foot, but give up until the end
When I think that there was a ship for victory where there was not
I did an analysis of the first battle to the psychic
All 3 players from the wrestling club really won the victory